docs: updates for VM Migration Assistant v1.0.5 (#5113)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/vm-management/vm-migration-assistant/create-migration-plans.md

8. Fill in the migration plan details.

   | Setting                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Example                                   |
   | ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
   | **Plan name**           | A unique name for your migration plan.                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `myMigrationPlan`                         |

>    | **Target provider**     | Select the target provider from the drop-down Menu. By default, this will be your host cluster.                                                                                                                                        | `host`                                    |

Reviewer: What's a "host cluster"? We don't have such concept. Are you referring to the VMO cluster where the machines are being migrated to?

Author: Yes, and I'll adjust the wording to the VMO cluster.

>    | **Target namespace**    | Select the target namespace for the VM migration from the drop-down Menu.                                                                                                                                                              | `myVmMigrationNamespace`                  |

Reviewer: IIRC, this is the target namespace where the migrated VMs will be running, no?

Author: Yes, I'll clarify this a bit better.

>    | **Network map**         | A storage map defines the mapping of source storage domains to target storage classes or datastores, ensuring VM disks are correctly placed in the destination environment. Adjust the mapping, or leave the default mapping in place. | `VM Network` / `Pod Networking`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Network map**         | A network map defines the mapping of source networks to target networks, ensuring VM network interfaces are correctly connected in the destination environment. Adjust the mapping, or leave the default mapping in place. | `VM Network` / `Pod Networking`           |
```

Author: Yikes, that's embarrassing. @cloudmaniac Thanks for catching.

>    | **Storage map**         | A network map defines the mapping of source networks to target networks, ensuring VM network interfaces are correctly connected in the destination environment. Adjust the mapping, or leave the default mapping in place.             | `vsanDatastore` / `spectro-storage-class` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **Storage map**         | A storage map defines the mapping of source storage domains to target storage classes or datastores, ensuring VM disks are correctly placed in the destination environment. Adjust the mapping, or leave the default mapping in place.            | `vsanDatastore` / `spectro-storage-class` |
```
